# ACM Research Coding Challenge (Spring 2022)

I believe the best way to solve this challenge is through the implementation of the Logistic Regression Algorithm. I would first start off by importing a variety of libraries, including Pandas (to change the Mushrooms.csv into a DataFrame), SKLearn (to implement the Logistic Regression Model), NumPy (to handle the data due to it being large and haveing multiple dimensions), Matplotlib (to be able to graph data) and Seaborn (to visualize the data). After uploading the dataset, I would then check for the amount of columns as well as the individual count of poisonous mushrooms and the edible ones. Using this information, I would use data visualization and find out if the data is unbalanced. Additionally, I would also use the Graphical Model to identify the least valuable features and reduce the amount of dimensions in this dataset, in order to help best determine which mushrooms are poisonous and which ones are edible. These features contain similar or only one values and thus don't serve much purpose in predicting the edibleness of a mushroom. If the data set is balanced, I would then split the data using SKLearn into a training set (60%) and a test set (40%) in order to test if the model will work. Because I am using a Machine Learning Model, the data needs to be all numerical, and thus I would Label Encode all the data on SKLearn. Next, I would classify all this data using Logistic Regression and the use the model to finally predict whether the mushrooms are edible or not. To test the accuracy of my prediction, I would also create a confusion matrix, which will break down each feature and count the # of correct and incorrect predictions. Finally, I would deploy the final results using Django REST framework.
